all right let's make our marinade for
our carne asada got half a cup of beer
juice from one lime one and a half
tablespoons of Worcestershire sauce two
cloves of garlic that I've sliced up and
some freshly ground black pepper about a
quarter teaspoon all right got my skirt
steak here this is about a pound and a
quarter and all I'm gonna do is I'm
going to cut it up into some manageable
pieces I'm cooking this on the hibachi
grill so I don't have a lot of room to
work with so I'm just going to cut this
and like four pieces all right so after
we get our skirt steak cut up we're
going to put it in this bag I want to
make sure you got plenty of room here
for adding your marinade anyway we're
just going to throw our marinade in here
and we're going to massage this we're
going to put it in the refrigerator for
two three hours and everybody every half
hour we'll go by turn it over and then
we'll put it back in the fridge and I'm
just going to push out most of the air
before I completely seal this up
and about 1 hour before we throw the
meat on the grill we're going to take it
out of the refrigerator and let's just
start to warm up and don't forget we
need to take the salsa out too and let
it warm up all right hibachi grills
ready and we're going to put this meat
on here fat side down so that we can put
most of that off all right now that
we've got a good sear on this fat layer
we're going to move these things off to
one side and in case you guys are
curious this is a custom yakitori grill
it's made by Manuel of El rabbits
barbecue I will put a link to his
Facebook page and the about or show more
information and you guys can follow the
link and get in touch with him if you're
interested in having one he can make it
any length that you want this grill
cooks nice it gets hot but it's not
super hot it's got a nice steady
temperature just perfect for doing stuff
like this
anyway I'm putting on here what they
call Mexican onions they're actually
immature e onions and I'm going to put a
couple serrano peppers on here as well
we're going to kind of muster this up
and after our onions and peppers get all
blistered up which will take them off
the grill a pretty self-explanatory
look at here
all right make some room for cooking our
tortillas we're going to move this meat
to one end of the grill
all right on this end we're going to put
a couple tortillas and we're going to
just put some spots on both sides 'evil
and then whenever they get some spots on
both sides we're going to take them off
and we're going to tint them in some
aluminum foil now to help them steam
keep them nice and not flexible and
we're going to keep cooking these until
we have all we need
and when our meats cooked to the desired
doneness we're going to take it off the
grill and let it rest for a few minutes
alright it's time to cut up our meat I
notice the grains running this direction
we're going to do our first cut that
same direction all right now a final cut
is going to be against the grain and
that will help keep the meat nice and
tender for our tacos alright first thing
I'm going to do is I'm gonna put some
guacamole on our tacos
and then we're going to put some of our
grilled skirt steak on here alright now
we're going to add some of our taquerias
style salsa a little bit spicy but it's
not too bad alright we're going to put a
little diced onion on these things
alright I'm putting some cilantro in
here I know some people hate it but I
happen to love it I guess it's one of
those love-hate things and they really
make these things pop I'm gonna squeeze
a little fresh lime juice on here into
our plate we're gonna put one of our
onions in one of our serrano chiles just
for a little fire alright and to taste
these tacos I have my beautiful daughter
Annabelle here and I had to say that
because daddy cooks did a really nice
job of introducing his daughter in a
video and somebody saw it it reminded me
I've never said anything nice about her
own camera zactly oh okay see what I
gotta put up with that anyway she's
going to taste our tacos for us and let
us know what she thinks
this beautiful daughter will accept just
taco that's all I'm gonna get